Support for NPR Music comes from Capital
One, proud supporters of NPR Music and
the Tiny Desk Contest. What's in your
wallet? Learn more at capitalone.com.
>> I met this [music] guy.
And he looked like he might have been a
hat check clerk.
Had a nice ring.
Which in fact
he turned out to be.
And I said
Oh boy.
Right.
Again.
Let X
equal
X.
>> [music]
>> You know
>> could be you.
It's a sky blue sky.
Satellites are out tonight.
Let X equal
>> [music]
>> X.
[music]
>> You know, I could write a book.
And this book [music] would be sick
enough
to stun an ox.
Cuz I can see the future.
In this place
>> [music]
>> about 70 miles east of here
where it's lighter.
>> [music]
>> Linger on over here.
Got the time.
>> [music]
>> Let X
equal
X.
>> [music]
[music]
>> I got this postcard.
And in red,
>> [music]
>> it said,
"Dear amigo,
dear partner,
listen up.
Now, I just want to say thanks.
So,
thanks.
>> [music]
>> Thanks for all the presents.
Thanks for introducing me to the team.
Thanks for putting on the feedback.
[music]
Thanks for going on
Thanks for showing [singing] me your
Swiss Army knife.
I don't know.
Thanks for letting me autograph your
cast.
Love and kisses, X X X X 0 0 0 0.
Oh, yeah.
P.S.
>> [music]
>> I
I feel
feel like
>> [music]
>> I am
>> in a burning building.
Not going [singing] to go.
>> [music]
>> Love, I
I feel like [singing]
feel like
I am
in a burning building.
>> [music]
>> And I got
>> [singing]
>> to go.
>> [music]
>> She said,
It looks
>> [music]
>> Don't you think it looks a lot like
rain?
He said,
Isn't it
Isn't it just
Isn't it [music] just like a woman? He
said.
It's hard.
Just hard.
Just kind of hard to say.
She said,
It goes.
That's the way it goes. It goes [music]
that way. He said.
Isn't it
>> [music]
>> Isn't it just
Isn't it just like a woman?
She said,
>> [music]
>> It takes
Takes one.
>> [music]
>> Takes one to
Takes one to know one.
He said,
Isn't it
Isn't it just
Isn't it just a woman?
Your eyes
It's a day's work
to look into them.
Your eyes
It's a day's work
just
looking into them.
>> [music]
[music]
>> June night
part two
>> [music]
>> Amelia
>> has just taken off
for the next leg of her flight.
>> [music]
>> We carry a letter
to whom it may concern
>> [music]
>> just in case the engines fail
and we fall
into the Arabian desert.
>> [music]
[music]
>> I was asked a letter which I myself
cannot read.
>> [music]
>> It's addressed to Arab tribesmen
and it explains [singing] how and why a
woman pilot
>> [music]
>> might drop down from the sky
onto their land
>> [music]
>> and explains what to do if she did drop
down
and who to call.
>> [music]
>> I walk [music] in shoes.
I have maps.
>> [music]
>> I have extra water.
[music]
>> I'd like to introduce
Martin Hook on viola.
>> [applause]
>> And Doug Wieselman
on all sorts of instruments.
>> [applause]
[music]
>> Pedro
lives out of the Wilshire Hotel.
He looks out of a window
>> [music]
>> without glass.
The walls are made of cardboard.
>> [music]
>> Newspapers on his feet.
His father beats him cuz he's too tired
to beg again.
>> [music]
>> He's got nine brothers and sisters.
They're brought up on their knees.
>> [music]
>> Hard to run
when a go-cart hits
beats you on the
Pedro dreams of being older
and killing the old man.
But that's a slim [music] chance.
He's going down.
>> [music]
>> Down to the boulevard.
He's going out
to the dirty boulevard. He's going down.
>> [music]
>> Give me your [music] hungry,
your tired,
your poor.
I'll piss on them.
That's what the statue of bigotry says.
Your poor huddled masses,
let's club them to death
and get it over with.
Dump them. Dump them. Yeah, just dump
them.
On the dirty boulevard.
>> [music]
>> We're going down.
The dirty boulevard, we're going out.
To the dirty boulevard, we're going
down.
>> [music]
>> Back at the Wilshire,
Pedro sits there dreaming.
He's found a book on magic
in a garbage can.
Looks at the pictures. [music] He stares
up at the cracked ceiling.
To count of three, he says.
I hope I can disappear.
We're going down.
To the dirty boulevard, we're going
down.
>> [music]
>> Dirty boulevard, we're going down.
I'm going to fly.
I'm going to fly fly away, I'm going to
fly.
>> [music]
>> I'm going to fly.
Fly fly away, [singing and music] I'm
going to fly.
I'm going to fly fly away, I'm going to
fly.
I'm going to fly [music] fly away,
[singing] I'm going to fly.
I'm going [music] to fly fly away, I'm
going
I'm going to fly [music] fly away, I'm
going to fly.
>> [music]
[music]
>> You know my favorite song
is Twinkle Twinkle Little [music] Star.
But recently I learned the second verse,
goes kind of full
apocalyptic.
It goes,
"When the blazing sun is gone,
when there is nothing
to shine upon,
twinkle, twinkle,
little star,
how I wonder what you are."
>> [music]
>> Do you know the reason I really love the
stars?
It's because we cannot
hold them.
We can't burn them,
or flood them,
or make them overflow.
We can't blow them up,
or burn them out.
But we are reaching for them.
We are reaching
for them.
>> Thanks for coming to Tiny Desk Unit.
I was just thinking I could I had a tiny
desk. I don't know if your tiny desk
Remember how
gave you this paper that was very
low-grade paper
and you had a little pencil and it was
full of wood chips.
You were just trying to write and it was
Anyway, I don't know if you have a
little [music] more time, do we?
We do? Okay.
You know what he does.
Oh, let's see.
>> [music]
>> And so, if we only
had a little tiny bit more time,
then I would say
You know, I dreamed that I
was a dog.
And a dog show.
My father came to the dog show.
And he said
That's a really good dog.
I like that dog.
>> [music]
[music]
>> What's good about the thank band,
wonderful fellow musicians
and friends,
Worth the weight.
And Ben Weasel,
>> [applause and music]
>> and you for coming to Tiny Desk Unit.
Goodbye.
>> [applause]
[cheering]
[applause]
[applause and cheering]
>> Thanks for watching. Support for NPR
Music comes from Rivian, makers of
all-electric adventure vehicles,
including the R1S three-row SUV. More at
rivian.com.